docs(fix): DOC-412 fixes kayenta block (#771)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/armory-admin/kayenta-configure.md

configure Kayenta using Halyard at
[Set up canary support](https://www.spinnaker.io/setup/canary/).

> For Operator, the following example is an equivalent `SpinnakerService` manifest. The example config uses Data Dog as the metrics provider and stores canary configs and analysis in a GCS bucket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Operator, the following example is an equivalent `SpinnakerService` manifest. The example config uses Datadog as the metrics provider and stores canary configs and analysis in a GCS bucket:
```

> > For information about how to configure other providers see [Canary Config]({{< ref "canary-op-config" >}}) unless you use Dynatrace or Cloudwatch. If you use one of those as the metrics provider, see [Use Canary Analysis with Dynatrace]({{< ref "kayenta-canary-dynatrace" >}}) or [Use Canary Analysis with AWS Cloudwatch]({{< ref "kayenta-canary-cloudwatch" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For information about how to configure other providers see [Canary Config]({{< ref "canary-op-config" >}}) unless you use Dynatrace or AWS CloudWatch. If you use one of those as the metrics provider, see [Use Canary Analysis with Dynatrace]({{< ref "kayenta-canary-dynatrace" >}}) or [Use Canary Analysis with AWS CloudWatch]({{< ref "kayenta-canary-cloudwatch" >}}).
```
